# cs330

Unfortunately, my project file is significantly larger than the allowed upload size of 25 MB. My approach to software design is incremental. As I move forward in my projects, I make it a point to do things in stages. One example is identifying variables and a naming convention for readability. I used a notepad to build drawing loops and it greatly increased my understanding of the process and efficiency writing. It is difficult to visualize a program execution inside my head. I imagined the way an artist uses a sticky notepad to make a primitive flip through cartoon. Instead of a toon, you visualize a loop. I struggled in this course. The workload and volume of new material was too much. If this course was broken up into two then maybe it would have been manageable and likely enjoyable. I learned a lot from the project though. The project improved my ability to write loops, structure code into blocks, and recognize blocks that could be condensed into compartmentalized and compact blocks to save space. My project ended up being 75 MB. Computer science will help me reach my goals by providing me with the skills to work with software. This course showed me that I am more interested in the entertainment side of software than security. I am unsure how this course will help me further in any other way aside from memory usage. I quickly saw how application involving graphics can really eat up memory and storage. Perhaps this realization could direct my career into data storage or data manipulation. 
